Game Development
CS 600.255

David Watson, dwatso20@jhu.edu
Jed Estep, aje@jhu.edu
Jeff Burka, jburka1@jhu.edu
Arjun Saini, asaini2@jhu.edu

Assignment 11

-------

Licenses

The art for the player and enemy sprites is from the game Abuse, which has been released into
the public domain (http://opengameart.org/content/abuse-art)
Other art has also been released into the public domain and is available
on opengameart.org

The rest of our sprites are from opengameart.org

The Devil Breeze font is freeware (http://www.fontspace.com/weslo/devil-breeze)

Boop sound effect was created by Arjun Saini

Explosion graphics courtesy of Ville Seppanen via opengameart.org

Pacific Rim 8 Bit Arrangment by Kuso (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWHlOIKr_oY)
License unclear, we're trying to clarify with composer

Code was written by the above four, with inspiration from Peter H. Fröhlich
(http://gaming.jhu.edu/~phf/), particularly for the main update-draw loop

-------

Running:

In the src directory run:

python atlantic.py

Use the arrow keys to navigate menus, and escape to go back or pause the game.

Note: Requires Python 2.7

-------

Gameplay:

Score:

The player's score is the amount of time it took them to complete the level.

Objective:

The player wins if they reach the door at the end of the last level.

The player loses if their health reaches 0

Controls:

Arrow keys to move, space to jump, WASD to shoot
The default controls on controller *should* be: (may be different on assignment 11)
    Face buttons: shoot
    D-pad/left stick: move
    Right trigger: space
    Left trigger: enter
    Start: escape

Miscellany:

Some jumps cannot be made without shooting down for some extra momentum

Moving enemies deal damage to the player by touching it

Laser drones are mounted on the ceiling; touching a laser currently
causes instant death

If a level is too difficult, adjust the spawn position in Levels/Level1.txt or
Levels/Level2.txt by moving the "c" character anywhere in the level. Make sure
to replace the old "c" with a "."

-------

For Assignment 9, we implemented the following fixes:

1. Remove walljumping to make control smoother
2. Fixed a bug causing the background to draw outside the level
3. Fixed a bug causing platforms to draw while offscreen
4. Scores now carry over between levels
5. Lasers are destroyed when their parent drones are destroyed
6. Modified the level builder to be able to take in different types
    of images for the for the floor and walls based on the level name
7. Player no longer takes damage from laser pre-cast
8. Standing inside a dead lasercannon no longer causes the player to stand
    in walk animation
9. Moved cutscene to its own level
10. High score screen now displays player's score even if their score
    was not in the top 8
